Heartspace

I would like to see people open up their heart space, to live as happier people, to have more empathy, a greater sense of appreciation for life, to value and treasure all the intangibles through living a balanced life.

And every aspect of our lives has to do with vibration and thought patterns. Everything is made of energy. "Negative/ self deprecating thought patterns are denser in energy, while positive and uplifting ones, therefore by inputing certain sounds and frequencies, a person's thought patterns and sounds can definitely be influenced and changed.

Over a period of time, if this app is used often, the app will re-shape a person to be more loving, kinder, forgiving, more empathic. The change can also be felt withint as the person will smile more often and feel joyous and happy. When one has 'positive' subconscious programs, a 'positive' reality is programmed and the person will be at their best. Being more open to life, enhancing and sharpening the individual's potential to live life in the now.

Use this tool in a quiet environment.Its usage is only limited by your imagination, as it will be able to help you cope with issues of the heart.

Example 1: Want relaxation? Peace? Hold the intention and let the energy envelop you.

Example 2: Want to let go of past issues in your life holding you back? Hold the intention that you want to let go of these issues,and meditate with the app or even go to sleep. 


How to use:

1)Set the volume to 30%.
2)Select a frequency you like. 
3)Switch on the airplane mode and set an alarm
4)Relax yourself, hold the intention, and relax.


The principle behind this app is this: Your body is a receiver of energies from all of its surroundings and its energy states and various internal functions/ chemical productions can be changed with various frequencies, which can lead to changing a person's perception or reality, which are a consequence of thought patterns in the subconscious of each and every person.


Please enjoy the app!
